hi guys welcome back in the kitty crunch
club we are gonna do a shopkins video
it's a whole season two so let's get
started start with this one and we have
seven baskets to open today collector's
guide if you have trouble trying to
figure out the names oh I think this is
a show yep and it's an ultra rare shoe
come over straight to my dad it's cute
boot I love this cute boot cuz she's
supposed to be purple but she is
jux sad you look sad i don't know i be
made her sad oh my goodness you got
leafy maybe is so cute she looks nervous
cuz she such as knows what's about to
happen to her so I knew those first two
names here's choco lava she looks like a
lunch
alright i do this in the straightaway
waffle sue she's so cute her eyes are
looking at gonna be like stuff on top of
her or like Jack drooping then I had to
uh really dark brown shopkins of one
basket cool and I knew those second two
names I must start with the one that
physically and I got slick breadstick
so cute he's a baguette and I love that
it's okay I do not know the name of this
one right there she's windy web and she
is a comment that was the only one yet
you know second shoe repair I don't
think this is shoe toasty give your look
a little toasty paw
no shoes in that wall and I definitely
think this is not a shoe and I can
already tell it's pkmap I get these
chefs out be Kayla pie please so I only
did it no one named it's dishing liquid
he's holding like a little plate and
it's fun and it's juicy
and we got her sisters juicy warned
play-doh egg just smile and Jesus she's
so cute
this is gonna be funny dumb move no it's
not funny going to your makeup and I
know this one is this is coffee trip and
you're right
you
and in this last basket I'm gonna try to
guess what is in bad before I open it I
think this is toasty pop back up dosti
papi I just knocked over and all right
so it's not a duplicate they're just
different colors can't tell what color
they are the bag i don't know if i write
better and this should be and I'm right
this one looks like a real waffle this
one looks like a real waffle but it's a
chocolate waffle let's put them on my
spinning wheel as I always say but first
of all waffle seelix the choc only looks
so good I solo me come here a fulfilled
so as my brother how he says let's put
them on this video way out
I hope you enjoyed another episode of
the cane can't come and please subscribe
for more fun episodes like this one